hundreds of people gathered on a snowy
saturday recently for the chance to see
the new 9 million dollar facility
located on the corner of john marshall
drive and Fifth Avenue project developer
Tim haymaker says the center is a
beautiful design supported by amazing
details you want to have a WOW factor
and if you didn't walk into this
building and say wow you were you needed
another cup of starbucks this morning
because this place is something special
the Marshall University Foundation
alumni relations and mu development
offices are all housed in the new
building bringing together staff
previously separated on the Huntington
campus I've worked the last couple years
in the old erickson alumni center and I
think it's served its purpose and fitted
a great home for many number of years
but moving into this new building and
housing all of the Marshall artifacts
and movie memorabilia it makes it really
special Straub and others like Marshall
Alumni Association president Nancy
Campbell predict the new facility will
generate additional enthusiasm for
Marshall University I think it will draw
people back I think that it will allow
us to increase our membership once they
see that we have this great facility
here and that we are growing but also we
have state-of-the-art offices for our
very hardworking staff which will just
make it so much easier for them to reach
out to alumni across the country
featuring a new alumni lounge a
conference center a call center for
fundraising and a striking rotunda
project manager Tim haymaker says
marshall university is poised for an
incredible future this is not your old
Marshall University this is the new
Marshall University it is the engine
that runs southern West Virginia the new
facility is available for rentals and
may be booked by contacting the marshall
university foundation for we are
marshall today I'm Leah Edwards